Add a guide to build custom Beam Python SDK image (#33048)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/documentation/sdks/python-sdk-image-build.md

<!--
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Building Beam Python SDK Image Guide

You can build a docker image if your local environment has Java, Python, Golang

> and Docker properly. Try

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and Docker installation. Try
```

Author: Done

> environment (e.g. `-PpythonVersion=3.10`)

## Push to Repository

You may push the custom image to a image repository. The image can be used
for [Dataflow custom container](https://cloud.google.com/dataflow/docs/guides/run-custom-container#usage).

### Google Cloud Artifact Registry

You can push the image to Artifact Registry. No additional authentication is
necessary if you use Google Compute Engine.

```shell
docker tag apache/beam_python3.10_sdk:2.60.0 us-central1-docker.pkg.dev/<MY_PROJECT>/<MY_REPOSITORY>/beam_python3.10_sdk:2.60.0-custom
docker push us-central1-docker.pkg.dev/<MY_PROJECT>/<MY_REPOSITORY>/beam_python3.10_sdk:2.60.0-custom
```

If you push an image in an environment other than a VM in Google Cloud, you
should configure [docker authentication with
`gcloud`](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/docker/authentication#gcloud-helper)
before `docker push`.

### Docker Hub

You can push your Docker hub repository
after [docker login](https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/login/).

```shell
docker tag apache/beam_python3.10_sdk:2.60.0 <my-account>/beam_python3.10_sdk:2.60.0-custom
docker push <my-account>/beam_python3.10_sdk:2.60.0-custom
```

> ## (Optional) Update Boot Application Only.

Reviewer: I think we should start with this, in case this is sufficient, as steps are simpler.

Author: I moved this section to the top.

> If you only need to make a change to the Python SDK boot application. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only need to make a change to the Python SDK boot entrypoint binary, you can
```

Author: Done

rebuild the boot application only and include the updated boot application in
the preexisting image.

```shell
# From beam repo root, make changes to boot.go.
your_editor sdks/python/container/boot.go

# Rebuild the entrypoint
./gradlew :sdks:python:container:gobuild

cd sdks/python/container/build/target/launcher/linux_amd64

# Create a simple Dockerfile to use custom boot entrypoint.
cat >Dockerfile <<EOF
FROM apache/beam_python3.10_sdk:2.60.0

> COPY boot /opt/apache/beam/boot_modified

Reviewer: will docker overwrite the file if we don't change the name? we could keep it as is to avoid having two entrypoints.

Author: I changed it to overwrite the existing the entrypoint binary `/opt/apache/beam/boot`.
